MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Master Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of 1st January 2025 between
TechCorp India Pvt. Ltd. ("Service Provider") and GlobalRetail Ltd. ("Client").

1. TERM AND TERMINATION
1.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of
twelve (12) months unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
1.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to
the other party in the event of a material breach that remains uncured after such notice.
1.3 The Company may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice if the Service
Provider becomes insolvent or ceases to carry on business.

2. CONFIDENTIALITY
2.1 Each party agrees to keep confidential all proprietary and confidential information
disclosed by the other party under this Agreement and shall not disclose such information
to any third party without prior written consent of the disclosing party.
2.2 The obligations of confidentiality shall survive termination of this Agreement for
a period of three (3) years.

3. INDEMNIFICATION
3.1 The Service Provider shall indemnify and hold harmless the Client from any claims,
damages, losses, liabilities or expenses (including legal fees) arising from the Service
Provider's breach of this Agreement or gross negligence or wilful misconduct.

4. NON-COMPETE
4.1 The Service Provider shall not engage in any competing business activities or provide
similar services to any direct competitor of the Client for a period of two (2) years
after the termination of this Agreement without prior written consent.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
5.1 In no event shall either party be liable for indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of this Agreement.
5.2 The aggregate liability of either party under this Agreement shall not exceed the
total fees paid by the Client in the six (6) months preceding the claim.

6. FORCE MAJEURE
6.1 Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performance under this
Agreement to the extent caused by events beyond their reasonable control, including acts
of God, war, terrorism, earthquake, flood or other natural disasters.

7. ARBITRATION
7.1 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration and
Conciliation Act, 1996. The seat of arbitration shall be New Delhi, India.
7.2 The arbitration shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by the parties.

8. GOVERNING LAW
8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
India. The parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at New Delhi.

9. PAYMENT TERMS
9.1 The Client shall pay all invoices within thirty (30) days of receipt.
9.2 Late payments shall attract interest at the rate of 18% per annum from the due date.
9.3 Payment terms are strictly net 30 from the date of invoice.
